I can't just wait around.
I need to find David myself.
But who should I ask?
What can I do?
I know!
I'm going to start by calling his girlfriend.
Maybe she knows where he could be.
Hello, who do you want to talk to?
Hi, this is Valeria, David's sister.
He's missing and I'm really worried about him.
I just finished reporting his disappearance.
Do you know where he is?
Have you seen him recently?
Hi, Valeria, David told me he was going
to visit a friend yesterday, but he
hasn't called me since then.
I'm really worried too.
Who was this friend?
I didn't know he was going to meet anyone yesterday.
I don't know, but he seemed worried.
I have never seen him so worried before.
What?
But he was very calm yesterday before dinner.
Do you remember Daniel?
He's the person who can help us.
What?
The school's dean?
Are you kidding me?
What can he know about my brother?
Well, he was very close to Daniel.
I'll go to the park today, that's the
place where they usually meet.
I'll ask him if he knows something about Daniel.
Alright, be careful, that Daniel is a
womanizer, he flirts with everyone.
Miss, please come, we want you to
identify a suspicious body.